put I'm going out about 12 years ago and
return I met and a really good friend
21st birthday it just so happened at
that time that that you know our part
was sort of destined to be doing similar
things
back up on that week we didn't know what
we were getting ourselves into it was
almost more of a hobby to start with we
didn't necessarily see the big picture
we just were looking to do something on
our own terms well originally it was
just 20 of us and in the beginning that
meant being Jack all trades across
different areas Nick definitely spent
many many days and nights at making on
the kitchen bench at home to get a first
product line which was leather goods I'm
know I was doing really good thing
handcrafted bag at a time it was
definitely hard work because of you know
starting they're starting anything and
having very little capital you know
Bridget I were working I mean I think it
once aged six jobs we working in retail
we were freelance designing we were
doing call center were you know
marketing market research pretty hand to
mouth in terms of getting you know
getting a production run done and I
think you know very quickly we like that
it's not just about the product that's
the business side too like I said a
design and the phone behind what percent
of it and business and hard work is that
the other ninety-nine percent so if
you're willing to do that definitely
jump in you know if those cheesy say
follow your dreams and roof you know you
can follow your dream
go to back it up I think one great work
thing that I would you know if I had my
time again would be to make more
mistakes and other people's time so dear
internships and learn from them for
other businesses and you know get a
feeling for it before you jumping now